V2.1.0 rc docs part 1 (#53)
msupply-foundation/msupply_docs: content/docs/getting_started/central.md

- In mSupply, create a new site with a store assigned (this can be a dummy store)
- Tick the checkbox (as noted in the 'extra settings' link above)

> - Enter the server URL. Note that this URL is that of your new Open mSupply

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Enter the server URL of your new Open mSupply
```

  central server. This will be different to the usual Open mSupply server and to
  the mSupply server!

> <div class="warning">Open mSupply central server can be configured and sync even if the URL is wrong since it's only the remote sites that need to use the Open mSupply central server URL to connect.</div>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<div class="warning">Open mSupply central server can be configured and synced successfully, even if this URL is wrong. This field is only used by remote sites, to know where to find the Open mSupply central server.</div>
```
🤷‍♀️
